system variables: add tidb_analyze_version (#5824)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`
- This variable is used to set whether the `AUTO_INCREMENT` property of a column is allowed to be removed by executing `ALTER TABLE MODIFY` or `ALTER TABLE CHANGE` statements. It is not allowed by default.

### tidb_analyze_version <span class="version-mark">New in v5.1.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Value options: `1` and `2`
- Default value: `2`
- Controls how TiDB collects statistics.

> - In versions before v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `1`. In v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `2`, which serves as an experimental feature. For detailed introduction, see [Introduction to Statistics](/statistics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In versions before v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `1`. Starting from v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `2`, which works as an experimental feature. For detailed introduction, see [Introduction to Statistics](/statistics.md).
```

Reviewer: @winoros, could we use this experimental feature in the production environment?
